index.md, before:

# Hello World

This is my home page! My name is Wilhelmina Yap and I am a student at [Cal State Fullerton](http://www.fullerton.edu/) and my major is Biochemistry.

## Computer Science Projects

My GitHub page is http://github.com/MinyayStudies.

### CPSC 120

* Lab 7

    Lab 7, part-1 is another lab that I enjoyed coding as it dealt with street parking and figuring out when someone is allowed to park based on the street, time and day. It involved setting up a lot of parameters, and writing the code to get the correct output was challenging but satisfying once we were able to get it correct. 

* Lab 6

    Lab 6, part-2 is my favorite part of this lab as we wrote code for a program that computed a score for a hand of blackjack. I thought it was interesting that we were able to translate a real world game into code that can be played on a computer.

* Lab 11

    Lab 11. Part-1 is my favorite as it we wrote code that dealt with an object-oriented class in order to determine the densest and sparsest state in a CSV file. It is closely related to what I hope to implement in my Biochemistry major and research lab.

Commit message:

Second push of index.md with adjusted link.

index.md, after:

# Hello World

This is my home page! My name is Wilhelmina Yap and I am a student at [Cal State Fullerton](http://www.fullerton.edu/) and my major is Biochemistry.

## Computer Science Projects

My GitHub page is [I'm an inline-style link](http://github.com/MinyayStudies.)

### CPSC 120

* Lab 7

    Lab 7, part-1 is another lab that I enjoyed coding as it dealt with street parking and figuring out when someone is allowed to park based on the street, time and day. It involved setting up a lot of parameters, and writing the code to get the correct output was challenging but satisfying once we were able to get it correct. 

* Lab 6

    Lab 6, part-2 is my favorite part of this lab as we wrote code for a program that computed a score for a hand of blackjack. I thought it was interesting that we were able to translate a real world game into code that can be played on a computer.

* Lab 11

    Lab 11. Part-1 is my favorite as it we wrote code that dealt with an object-oriented class in order to determine the densest and sparsest state in a CSV file. It is closely related to what I hope to implement in my Biochemistry major and research lab.
